0.6.2 update (#161)
dortania/OpenCore-Install-Guide: AMD/fx.md

## Kernel

| Kernel | Kernel Patches |
| :--- | :--- |
| ![Kernel](../images/config/AMD/kernel.png) | ![](../images/config/AMD/kernel-patch.png) |

### Add

> Here's where we specify which kexts to load, in what specific order to load, and what architectures each kext is meant for. By default we recommend leaving what ProperTree has done, however 32-Bit CPUs please see below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's where we specify which kexts to load, in what specific order to load, and what architectures each kext is meant for. By default we recommend leaving what ProperTree has done, however for 32-bit CPUs please see below:
```

  * ex: `Contents/MacOS/Lilu`
* **MinKernel**
  * Lowest kernel version your kext will be injected into, see below table for possible values
  * ex. `12.00.00` for OS X 10.8
* **MaxKernel**
  * Highest kernel version your kext will be injected into, see below table for possible values
  * ex. `11.99.99` for OS X 10.7
* **PlistPath**
  * Path to the `info.plist` hidden within the kext
  * ex: `Contents/Info.plist`
  
::: details Kernel Support Table

| OS X Version | MinKernel | MaxKernel |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| 10.4 | 8.0.0 | 8.99.99 |
| 10.5 | 9.0.0 | 9.99.99 |
| 10.6 | 10.0.0 | 10.99.99 |
| 10.7 | 11.0.0 | 11.99.99 |
| 10.8 | 12.0.0 | 12.99.99 |
| 10.9 | 13.0.0 | 13.99.99 |
| 10.10 | 14.0.0 | 14.99.99 |
| 10.11 | 15.0.0 | 15.99.99 |
| 10.12 | 16.0.0 | 16.99.99 |
| 10.13 | 17.0.0 | 17.99.99 |
| 10.14 | 18.0.0 | 18.99.99 |
| 10.15 | 19.0.0 | 19.99.99 |
| 11 | 20.0.0 | 20.99.99 |

:::

### Emulate

::: tip Info

> Needed for spoofing unsupported CPUs like Pentiums and Celerons and to disable CPU Power management on Unsupported CPU(such as AMD CPUs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Needed for spoofing unsupported CPUs like Pentiums and Celerons and to disable CPU power management on unsupported CPUs (such as AMD CPUs)
```

* **AppleXcpmExtraMsrs**: NO
  * Disables multiple MSR access needed for unsupported CPUs like Pentiums and certain Xeons
* **CustomSMBIOSGuid**: NO

>   * Performs GUID patching for UpdateSMBIOSMode Custom mode. Usually relevant for Dell laptops

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Performs GUID patching for UpdateSMBIOSMode set to `Custom`. Usually relevant for Dell laptops
```

>   * Enabling this quirk with UpdateSMBIOSMode Custom mode can also disable SMBIOS injection into "non-Apple" OSes however we do not endorse this method as it breaks Bootcamp compatibility. Use at your own risk. To be used in tandem with `PlatformInfo -> UpdateSMBIOSMode -> Custom`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Enabling this quirk in tandem with `PlatformInfo -> UpdateSMBIOSMode -> Custom will disable SMBIOS injection into "non-Apple" OSes however we do not endorse this method as it breaks Bootcamp compatibility. Use at your own risk.
```

* **DisableIoMapper**: NO
  * AMD doesn't have DMAR or VT-D support so irrelevant
* **DisableLinkeditJettison**: YES

>   * Allows Lilu and others to have stable performance in macOS 11, Big Sur without the keepsyms=1 quirk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Allows Lilu and others to have more reliable performance without `keepsyms=1`
```
Didn't this speed things up on <11.0 too

* **DisableRtcChecksum**: NO
  * Prevents AppleRTC from writing to primary checksum (0x58-0x59), required for users who either receive BIOS reset or are sent into Safe mode after reboot/shutdown
* **ExtendBTFeatureFlags** NO

>   * Helpful for those having continuity issues with non-Apple/non-Fenvi cards

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Helpful for those having continuity issues with non-Apple/non-Fenvi cards - replacement for BT4LEContinuityFixup
```

* **LapicKernelPanic**: NO
  * Disables kernel panic on AP core lapic interrupt, generally needed for HP systems. Clover equivalent is `Kernel LAPIC`
* **LegacyCommpage**: NO

>   * Resolves SSSE3 requirement for 64 Bit CPUs in macOS, mainly relevant for 64-Bit Pentium 4 CPUs(ie. Prescott)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Resolves SSSE3 requirement for 64-bit CPUs in macOS, mainly relevant for 64-bit Pentium 4 CPUs (ie. Prescott)
```

### Scheme

> Settings related to legacy booting(ie. 10.4-10.6), for majority you can skip however for those planning to boot legacy OSes you can see below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Settings related to legacy booting (ie. 10.4-10.6), the majority can skip; however, for those planning to boot legacy OSes, see below:
```

::: details More in-depth Info

* **FuzzyMatch**: True
  * Used for ignoring checksums with kernelcache, instead opting for the latest cache available. Can help improve boot performance on many machines in 10.6
* **KernelArch**: x86_64
  * Set the kernel's arch type, you can choose between `Auto`, `i386` (32-bit), and `x86_64` (64-bit).

>   * If you're booting older OSes which require a 32-bit kernel(ie. 10.4 and 10.5) we recommend to set this to `Auto` and let macOS decide based on your SMBIOS. See below table for supported values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * If you're booting older OSes which require a 32-bit kernel(ie. 10.4 and 10.5) we recommend setting this to `Auto` and letting macOS decide based on your SMBIOS. See the below table for supported values:
```

::: details More in-depth Info

* **AdviseWindows**: NO
  * Used for when the EFI partition isn't first on the Windows drive

> * **SystemMemoryStatus**: Auto

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **SystemMemoryStatus**: `Auto`
```

  * Sets whether memory is soldered or not in SMBIOS info, purely cosmetic and so we recommend `Auto`
  
* **ProcessorType**: `0`
  * Set to `0` for automatic type detection, however this value can be overridden if desired. See [AppleSmBios.h](https://github.com/acidanthera/OpenCorePkg/blob/master/Include/Apple/IndustryStandard/AppleSmBios.h) for possible values

* **SpoofVendor**: YES

>   * Swaps vendor field for Acidanthera, generally not safe to use Apple as a vendor in most case

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Swaps vendor field for Acidanthera, as it is generally not safe to use `Apple` as a vendor in most cases
```
